Bug 2030480: Handle incorrect rootDeviceHints instead of ignoring (#3606)
openshift/assisted-service: docs/hive-integration/baremetal-agent-controller.md

BMAC is always setting `automatedCleaningMode: disabled` even if the `BareMetalHost` manifest specifies another value (e.g. `automatedCleaningMode: metadata`). This may be changed in the future releases, but currently we do not support using Ironic to clean the node.

---
**NOTE**

> `RootDeviceHints` from the `BareMetalHost` resource are passed down to the `Agent` and from there handled by the service. If the hints provided to the BMH do not match any drive discovered in the inspection phase, BMAC sets `agent.spec.installation_disk_id: /dev/not-found-by-hints`. This will cause the service to notice that the specified disk does not exists and fail the respective validation, showing the following condition in the `Agent` resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BMAC uses the `RootDeviceHints` from the `BareMetalHost` resource to find a matching disk in the corresponding `Agent`'s inventory, and then sets that disk in `agent.Spec.InstallationDiskID`. If the hints provided to the BMH do not match any disk discovered in the discovery phase, BMAC sets the disk in the Agent's Spec as `/dev/not-found-by-hints`. This will cause the service to notice that the specified disk does not exist and fail the respective validation, showing the following condition in the `Agent` resource.
```

```
message: 'The Spec could not be synced due to an input error: Requested installation
  disk is not part of the host''s valid disks'
reason: InputError
```

> The log of the service will show the following message indicating that the specified disk (as set by BMAC) is not available. Please note this message is not exposed to the user, but only written in the service log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log of the service will show the following message indicating that the specified disk (as set by BMAC) is not available. Please note this message is not exposed to the user, but only written in the service log:
```
